#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements-dev.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.9
    # via thinc
bokeh==2.4.3
    # via dask
catalogue==2.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   yake
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
colorcet==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
confection==0.0.3
    # via thinc
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cython==0.29.32
    # via hdbscan
dask[complete]==2022.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   distributed
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
demoji==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
distributed==2022.11.1
    # via dask
en-core-web-sm @ https://github.com/explosion/spacy-models/releases/download/en_core_web_sm-3.4.1/en_core_web_sm-3.4.1-py3-none-any.whl
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2022.11.0
    # via dask
hdbscan==0.8.29
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
heapdict==1.0.1
    # via zict
huggingface-hub==0.11.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.17.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jellyfish==0.9.0
    # via yake
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   spacy
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   nltk
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.23.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.16.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via wordcloud
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via distributed
murmurhash==1.0.9
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==2.8.8
    # via yake
nltk==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sentence-transformers
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.56.4
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   blis
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   hdbscan
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
    #   wordcloud
    #   yake
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
pandas==1.5.2
    # via dask
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
param==1.12.2
    # via pyct
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.3.0
    # via dask
pathy==0.10.0
    # via spacy
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
    #   wordcloud
platformdirs==2.5.4
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.11.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
preshed==3.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.33
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyct==0.4.8
    # via colorcet
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pynndescent==0.5.8
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pywin32==305
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   segtok
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   spacy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   umap-learn
segtok==1.5.11
    # via yake
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sentencepiece==0.1.97
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   en-core-web-sm
spacy-legacy==3.0.10
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.3
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.5
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via yake
tblib==1.7.0
    # via distributed
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
thinc==8.1.5
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.2
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
torch==1.13.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.14.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
transformers==4.25.1
    # via sentence-transformers
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
umap-learn==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   requests
wasabi==0.10.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.8.2.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
yake==0.4.8
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
zict==2.2.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
